we're going to Austin Texas next week
for South by South Austin is a great
time one of the best one of the best
times I'd really great music great food
great people so Kanye West is gonna be
on our show on Friday next week and he
was quoted yesterday he said this is a
quote he said I understand I'm a servant
with my voice with my ability to build
relationships with amazing people speak
to amazing people call Elon Musk out of
the blue or call Obama out of the blue
and then he says Obama calls the home
phone by the way are you talking to are
you having conversations ii-i've met
Kanye twice the first time when I was a
senator and he was with his mom and he
had just gotten big he's from Chicago
right so they wanted they want to meet
and he was very soft-spoken very very
gracious that sounds like him and he was
a young guy and hadn't quite it'll come
come into his own and then about six
months ago
he came to an event and look I love his
music he's incredibly creative I don't
think I've got his home number you don't
have a little number all right well I'd
love to put the 2e together hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel are you sad that the video is
over
well subscribe to our YouTube channel
and you will never be sad again ever